## Color Key:
Where you will likely see the note color = Description of the note
<span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">Speakers Name</span> = This will be things are okay for the players to know. Things like quotes, narration, NPC talking points, environmental descriptions, etc.. 
<span style="color:rgb(255, 255, 0)">Requirement to proceed</span> = Information or actions required from the players. Things like Saving throws, ability check DCs, requirements to roll play, when players level up, etc. 
<span style="color:rgb(255, 0, 0)">What kind of Info for the DM</span> = Information only the DM should know. Things like, NPC thoughts or true goals, Plot points, Distance and Travel Measurements, DM notes for stat tracking, Battle information
<span style="color:rgb(255, 149, 0)">Book Reference</span> = Information pulled directly out of the book. Format broken down by the name of the book and the page is brackets (SDQ=Shadow of the Dragon Queen, PH=Players Handbook, etc.). Things like DM instructions, Narration and quotes out of the book, DM rolling tables
<span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 240)">Special Mission</span> = Opportunity to complete an optional objective that can be missed. Things like side quests, delivery missions, assassination contracts, stealth targets, etc. 
<span style="color:rgb(202, 134, 253)">Rewards</span> = Given at the end of missions or reaching specific checkpoints. Things like new items, specific knowledge, winnings and awards, etc.  


## Shadow of the Dragon Queen
The Cataclysm has rocked the world of Krynn, reshaping entire continents. In the weakness of the newly fractured world, the Dragon Queen, Takhisis is making her move to take hold of the world, and has now set her gaze on Solamnia. While the God ruler of the chromatic dragons wields great power, and an army of monsters, fanatics and slaves, all hope is not lost; for there are still some who oppose the forces of the Dragon god Tiamat. Players will work with the Knights of Solamnia, and ancient order of knights devoted to protect the world from evil, and the Mages of High Sorcery, a mysterious and powerful organization of wizards and mages dedicated to magic and knowledge, along with the good people of Ansalon and the world of Krynn!

[Campaign Slide show](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18VFYaqcBFjQ0Nn5hkSeQFBoZv7_sy31q82Qgax3wItc/edit?usp=sharing) 

- Session 0/1
	- [[1.2) Ansalon]] (walk through on map page)
		- [[1.3) Takhisis]] (Talk about her influence as a God, but not too much info)
	- [[1.4) Character Creator]] 
	- [[2.1) Preludes]] 
	- [[2.2) Arriving in Vogler]] (Break)
- Session 2
	- Chapter 2
		- [[2.3) Final Farewell]] 
		- [[3.1) The Festival Surprise]] (Break)
- Session 3
	- Chapter 3
		- [[3.2) Aftermath]] 
		- [[3.3) The Invasion]] (Break)
- Session4 
	- Chapter 4
		- [[4.1) Arriving in Kalaman]] 
		- [[4.2) The Spec Ops Unit]] (Break)
		-  [[4.3) RDA fights back]] (Break)